Hello good potion seller,

Surely you must recognize me, Artur, by now, not so much through my personage but through this illness of mine you have so dutifully been treating the last few years. 

Once more, I write calling upon your skills to help recover my strength, with a bit of fresh news. I am moving away. My kindly Aunt, who lives in the far countryside, has volunteered to house me at her estate. With hopes that the fresh country air will do my crippled lungs some good, after, of course, a great bout of hesitation, my parents have solemnly agreed to the move.

So long has it been that I’ve had to rely on your potions, good seller, and while I am grateful for their ability to purify my breaths for but a while, I do hope that this coming change of life will help me conquer the accursed affliction for good.

And so it is with equal amounts bitter and sweet that I repose to you my last request for a draught of my reprieve, dear potion seller, and bid you a thousand thanks and pardons.
#
	My good potion seller ! I write to you now from my Aunts country estate, with the most wonderful of news. Your last potion in collaboration with this exquisite wild air has left me feeling healthier and lighter than ever before. No longer do my lungs ache with the exercise of walking about the world. I should never be able to thank you enough for all you have done, and this glorious new health you have helped bestow upon me! Praise you, my dear potion seller, praise you !
#
	Good potion seller! I write to you now from the country, where my Aunt continues to dote and care for me. Certainly, my condition has improved here among the clean air, along with your most recent concoction, although the shadows of my illness still leave aches in my lungs time to time. Perhaps I shall never fully conquer this ailment. The thought saddens me somewhat, but for now, I will try to find contentment here. My good wishes and thanks to you potion seller, for doing what you could.
#
	Dear potion seller, I write to you from the country now, although I feel as if this change of scenery has done little for my health. My body seems to have developed a resistance to your concoctions, as the last product provided only the barest, brief release. This truly grieves me to say, but, I fear that even your skills may be useless when up against this accursed affliction. With that somber note, regretfully, I bid thee farewell, potion seller.